User friendly interface. It's really easy to learn, and continually use the website.
user friendly
usability
The Spiro Assistant choices
The New Version is easier to use
the mobile app
The interface
The format & mostly ease of use
The ease of adding new contacts and opportunities, by forwarding emails to the Spiro Assistant
The automation of recording all calls / texts / emails and everything on an account. And then the automation of the disposition and next steps. Eliminating the data entry.
the assistant feature
The ability to track customer status.
The ability to customize what you see, though I would imagine for people not savvy with CRM or that fail to understand that its a series of filters and sorting that overlap, it may be frustrating
Text feature on computer
Super easy to use on the go with the app.
simplicity of the app, great to use on the go. I also enjoy the user interface, it is very user friendly and easy to navigate
Search function to easily find projects, contact, etc.
Search capabilities
Reminders
Relatively easy to use, the app is very helpful
Records calls
Quick updates, the functionality is intuitive and logical, and I like that the system can be edited easily and quickly.
Not sure
not much right now
new layout seems better than before
It is very flexible and powerful. Spiro is good company to work with.
it is extremely intuitive
It has more features than our old CRM and exporting is really easy. Importing is getting there.
It has many features which makes it a flexible platform to work with.
Integration with other pieces of software
Information is consolidated in one place
I like the app on my phone, easy to use.
I like the aesthetic of the UI compared to other CRMs
I like that it keeps out customers together and allows us to see conversations and activities between other team members and customers
I like that it has added transparency to large products in our team and it is clearer to see up-to-date current status of each. This info. is accessible to everyone.
I like that it allows us to keep all of our customer info in one place
I like how easy it is to use. I love the app. It makes my job as Director of Talent so much easier. Especially when downloading the notes from each interview I do into Spiro.
How I can export my data outside of it and play with it.
How easy it is to use
Flexibility, pop up windows, assistance
flexibility and openness to making improvements
Easy to use, and easy to edit to fit our needs.
Easy to use when looking for customers / quotes, but needs to have a cross reference similar other customers / accounts.
Easy to organize accounts
Easy to enter opportunities
easy of use
Ease of use, VOIP calling
Ease of use, menu driven access
Ease of use and the clean layout. The support from Erick and the team is great as well. That is critical in any CRM.
Ease of use
Clean interface
Being able to call and receive calls directly from Spiro and also that we can customize it to fit within what we need and not have to hire a 3rd party consultant to make that happen (this is probably my favorite part).
assistant
AI Technology
AI - Ability to load contacts without typing - Email connection to platform
a good phone book - that allows me to drive down to just my opportunities & contacts
