Ideally the reports would update faster than next day
Difficulty in displaying my pipeline the way I want when reviewing opportunities (e.g. in a meeting)
It's scope
nothing yet.
Sometimes it's not user-friendly enough
importing database is too complicated
The reports
Nothing
can only have one email per license
wish all my accounts pulled up in one place
BI only updates once a day.
None comes to mind right now
I think the user interface could be more elaborated
The search function which has actually improved in your last update.
Limited flexibility, random changes that cause unnecessary man power to adapt to
since the recent update, sometimes the company page I open does not have accurate timeline/contacts, etc. I have to refresh or reopen to get correct info - sometimes it is activity info for another contact not even affiliated with that company
Reporting Module
app somewhat difficult to navigate
the card scan option for my cell phone
Won't let me add a duplicate contact if the same email is part of another record.
integration with other tools
web browser platform seems to have issues
Not the most intuitive – we keep asking ourselves, why don't we use this to its maximum capability, and I think it's lack of user friendliness. It's at about 80% for user friendly, but for me to use an app 100% of the time it's got to be at 100% user friendliness.
I wish i didn't have to sign in everytime I click on a new lead on my email
It's more so a learning curve with reporting. Feels like there is a lot that can be done and I'm just scratching the surface.
Nothing really comes to mind here
Notes and descriptions feel clunky. When replying to meeting emails to write notes, the notes are applied to contacts, rather than opportunities. The detailed view of an opportunity has too much padding around many fields, so the screen feels low-info-dense, and I'd rather see more of the description.
no address look up
That you cannot search by the Client's Address
Room for improvement on the text/phone call portion of app...inconsistent success utilizing this function has lead to lack of confidence
That you cannot search by address
No address look up
Can't copy and paste or attach pictures, unless you fixed that problem.
"When you update the software on your end, I always have a difficult time signing back in.

If a contact no longer works at a company, but we have left their name under contacts, how can you make sure that they are not contacted. Cant you make it impossible for them to receive an email, if they are listed as do not contact?"
There seem to be a lot of glitches... for instance I noticed that a lot of opportunities that come through the website do not have any contact information so it is not possible to reach out to these leads.
not getting reminders via e mail when no follow up is recorded
"1. If a call is made through Spiro, whether it be the dial pad to a new number, on the app or desktop, or a call is received from a number not already registered to an existing contact, more often than not m, at the conclusion of the call, the option to disposition does not appear.
1.1 The above would be less of an issue if you could see and retroactively disposition a call, but it is extremely disappointing that you cannot. 

So let's say Someone gets my business card. They call me and we have a great conversation but Spiro doesn't allow me to disposition. I now have no record of the call ever taking place(I'd have to go through several hoops to find it in our VOIP provider), so now not only have I lost that person's number, but on a report to upper management, my activity nonexistent for the duration of the call, and therefore my statistics like number of calls made, calls connected, talk time etc are rendered near useless. At best unreliable."
App
Phone app isn't the greatest compared to navigating and searching key words on my cell phone
Ability to manage contacts efficiently
Nothing that's not to be expected as it's new and we are working out the kinks, which are that least favorite part, together.
The call drops when your on a call and receive a call and does not come back until you hang up the incoming call.
The issues related to different devices and browsers that cause my staff to have trouble with Spiro app on different phones. This is not a Spiro problem, but rather the large variations of devices and operating systems.
Hard to give a direct answer since it's so new to us as a company. I've been having trouble using the "call" feature from my Mac (call not connecting and/or dropping randomly), but that could also be a problem with the Mac, not the platform (since calls work well with my phone using Spiro)
It's great for company provided leads. For when I'm prospecting myself, hunting, it's unnecessary added work. i have to create contact and company cards for someone that may reject me in 2 seconds? If I don't add them, my activity won't be logged and it will look like I wasn't even working. That is ridiculous.
App is a little wonky
When I add contacts into my system they are also mixed in with my other leads so it makes it difficult to maneuver sometimes. Also no mess text abilities.
Issues with phone calls
That I cannot make a call thru the app without having a minor interruption (call cuts out when an incoming call is received). Minor inconvenience but annoying nonetheless.
Would like more filtering on management reports
It's seems recently that it is slow to respond to getting search button to work faster and not freeze.
contacts get added from outlook under the wrong branch.
Report interface looks different, some parts have to be manually switched on by support eg phone number
Dashboards can be a bit tricky, but once they are set up, it is pretty easy.
the amount of reminders
clunky email tracking--can't pull from inbox subfolders
creating reports not as intuitive as would like
Mouse is required to navigate. Too many clicks to create opportunity. I would like more keyboard navigation capabilities (tab between fields and complete forms using keyboard only).
Reports available.
campaign creation
"Reminders system still needs a major overhaul. My team would love to use it but it's too cumbersome and inefficient. Numerous potential improvements available.

Reports are pretty good - but there are still some things that just can't be done as expected. I end up having to export to Excel too frequently... would love to be able to view in Spiro Reports without the extra steps.

Better project management functionality. We have to use another solution for this. Would like to have in 1 system instead of 2 - and the integration between them is not that great."
The Opportunity screens do not display enough lines of data. It's difficult to go through the screens to see the opportunities. The reports don't update when a change is made to the raw data. It takes a while. Too may unnecessary fields on opportunity screens.
needs to be more up to date with today's world functions and capabilities. Quote functions
The reports
We are having a really hard time customizing it to fit our needs. We have also noticed that it is not loading properly and is saying we have no information when we should have some
The reports are complicated
spiro search engine is not great. Hard to find things off of keywords. must be exact
Overall it doesn't seem as fine tuned as other CRMs in the little details.
it is very slow to load and does not have a lot of customer support features
the customer service platform
It can be clunky and the search bar is difficult to use. I can't find half of my contacts sometimes. Also, it would be nice to be able to reverse an import without having to contact you.
The fact it does not recognize and notify you of duplicate phone numbers for contacts.
Mornings/days after updates are always a nonproductive day. Usually a lot of bugs and things switched around that were fine where they were before. Small stuff
Spiro is always slow. It doesn't recognize duplicate contacts (phone numbers, names, etc.)
The fact that its not compatible with my browser which makes working Spiro difficult and constantly crashes the program. The new update with timeline, reminders, & opportunities in different tabs. My assistant never seems to work. Something always going wrong after an update. Product updates that would really help improve our processes are either not listened to or takes years to implement. You can't filter by reminders/blank. When we put people in the trash, I would like to never see those again unless I went to a special place to WANT to see them.
At times the glitches get a little out of control
reminders
Not being able to prioritize tasks in order on task page
What I dislike about Spiro is how sometimes it will go slow or drop my calls in the middle of a conversation.
The assistant will glitch and if you don't catch it, you will "complete" a reminder for the wrong person. Then that person slips between the cracks and the only way to find them is the go back into activities and create a new reminder for that person. & for some reason our whole office has text messages in the negative. Such as "-2" text messages. Other than that, we're good.
We were unable to combine our quoting with the CSM customer base without spending a lot more money.
Call transcriber is not accurate
Search function. I should be able to search by name, company, telephone...and the person/company should come up regardless which module I am in.
Sometimes if the number is not connected to an account and I call from the app it will not connect.
nothing
nothing
Lack of marketing (sem, social, email marketing) tools.
i have two contact tracking tools to deal with now, Outlook and Spiro. I wish there was a way to combine the two and keep them sync'd.
Not able to track ongoing projects
It was a challenge initially to reorganize accounts, since Spiro only allows one account per email address. We have several customers who own multiple businesses or are buyers for multiple accounts, so we had to make some adjustments from our previous CRM.
The campaign function. It could be user error, but I would like to be able to add a company from the companies listing to a campaign.
the set up
It would be helpful to be able to create campaign emails within the campaign function instead of having to go to my settings.
Difficulty updating opportunities from one main screen
visibility of teams opportunities to compare info
I wish the whitelist feature was more effective.
Reporting
If it was possible to have several "dashboard" views it may be easier to navigate.
User interface within opportunities
That I can’t merge companies together
Reporting
nothing yet
working with the assistant via email
It's kind of hard to create reports for our specific use
Sometimes tech people write assuming that the user understands their online instructions. That is not always the case.
Not as many default integration options as I'd like
I think Salesforce has a better view for client list.
It is not as established as groups like Salesforce where their technology integrates with a lot more.
reporting does not click back to the actual system record
Card reader on app doesnt work well
It doesn't document all emails that are associated with accounts listed.
We don't reliably capture all activity that takes place
Not being able to send out a mass email with an attachment.
Don't know enough yet to not like anything!
no default screen
wish that is flowed better
Does not sync well with our CRM system, slow to migrate information over. Duplicate work
AI assistant
No simple interface for quick entry
The AI is not always good at getting complex info into the system...for example if one contact at a company is working on multiple opportunities, the AI struggles to discern and simply puts all emails from the contact into all opportunities.
Certain functionalities need to be hard-coded (can't be changed in the CMS or back-end, and to be honest, I get it, but it's still frustrating. But I get it.
Don't have marketing automation.
Not all of the windows cross talk
Should be able to start with previous entry if nearly the same.
Data input capabilities. There is a lot of duplication.
"Reporting FEature is amazing, but not the most user friendly.
Pre-made reports could make this easier.

Otherwise very few complaints, the AI when reading emails and creating contact info could be slightly better as sometimes it doesnt read the info properly... but otherwise all is good"
It's very slow and you can't add data in some places
Restricted to drop down tables when more information needs to be added.
the learning curve to fully implement
to hard to find items
Importing/Exporting has been a little frustrating, with data not uploading properly. Also, I would LOVE to be able to have a filter to be able to see the entities and its fields on the main Company List page
Not able to do filters well
I use Spiro as our CRM system. So, it holds all of the information on our candidates that apply to the company. Because I interview many candidates coming from the same company, the Opportunity tracking can get confusing. I understand that it should be able to be tracked by the individual Contact, but if I'm interviewing 5 candidates from the same company, they are all listed as Contacts under that Opportunity (company) and that does get confusing when tracking/searching for the candidates.
I don't like the fact that you have to enter a new company, then a new contact, and then an opportunity. It would be nice to do it all in one place
No complaints at this time - keep up the good work!
tasks
The reports can be a little overwhelming for most of our users.
I would change the no spell check in the notes section, and I would love to be able to have an option to have all of the notes (for every account) categorized by most recent instead of having to search an account to find the notes. That way we have our most recent notes and to do's right in the same place
Nothing in particular, it works well for what i need.
lots of technical difficulties lately
This may be more of an internal/employer issue, but I'd like the ability to search an account by our specific customer ID numbers. So that when I enter a prospect , I can cross-reference with names/numbers in an effort to prevent duplicate customer entries.
Your dialer keeps cutting out.
how complicated it is to customize reports
Your IP phone is not so good
Major Updates delete information like recorded calls
none so far
reporting
Auto fill in doesn't help, Difficultly in adding groups of contacts, Want to add 6 people from same site should be easier, would like area for my custom notes that others can't see when they are using same account, lots of "white" space on pages (would like to slightly custom how account or customer show up on my page), want to see "big picture" of parent/child accounts to make sure all is correct, same for pulling up location(s) to identify correct contact list.
Wish contacts could also be entered in accounts
Reports
the was the facilities part of the CRM is broke down
The duplicate accounts and when I add a contact its hard to find the right account to add.
Maybe the iPad and iPhone versions???
Tables are too bulky (not enough records on the screen at once) and filtering is cumbersome
slight learning curve for sales team (but it will get better)
compatibility between outlook and Spiro, being able to pull information from outlook calendar.
can be difficult to navigate. When searching for a client the software seems to become slightly glitchy / freeze up.
Limited voice features
Really bad contact sorting, need to scroll to find key contact. At any given time I may have 50 contacts in an account, but only talk to 1 or 2 actively,those should be readily accessible, top of the list.
Bugs everywhere. The range from UI bugs, to usability problems, to data integrity problems, to lack of proper traceability made easy. Key analytic functions are also missing and while their is dashboards and reports those area have their own list of bugs and usability challenges.
"- No native support for Multi-Currency
- Sharing out of Reports is clunky and non-intuitive
- Delay from CRM to Reports (people close a deal and wonder why it isn't immediately there)"
relevant user interface pieces are really small, not a lot of real estate space for the places we work in most often, usability seems to have bugs often like I have to retype things in or the pages load slowly so I have to refresh to make sure I'm seeing information correctly. There's also no Help button or Customer Support in app, only a very basic FAQ.
Funnel management
The lack of integration with ChurnZero
Icon sidebar layout
user friendliness
The overview page is a bit confusing with too many tasks and information
reports if I need to run a report in a state the reporting system jumps to a different page that doesn't connect to spiro
reporting - not connected to the live data
It does seem like the application is more of a 'beta' release than a full release, but general functionality works so we're making do.
The clunky UX in simple tasks- having to count import fields to make sure they all match up, not being able to tab between fields while inputting new records, not being able to have dynamic custom fields, etc
Reports are difficult to create.
From time to time, when I search for a company or contact from the taskbar and click on my selection, it does not always compute. It can take a few tries before the webpage changes to account for my selection.
Product maturity is the best term I can think of for this question. The team at Spiro has been uber responsive since day 1. But there are countless details associated with being an early adaptor that are often frustrating on any given day.
Toggling through all the pages. I wish you could see a master list.
customer service
I think seeing what those on my team did each day to those opportunities that are mine
Some issues with the phone service
Get confused between contacts, companies, and opportunities
no Conference call
Linking leads and campaigns...no picker
Linking opportunities to contacts to leads etc. can be confusing.
Searching
Not very intuitive. I know there are a lot more things I could likely be doing to get more out of the product but I don't know how to figure out what I'm missing that would really help me. Also think reporting is really powerful but struggle to figure out what I can create (and how to create it).
Hard to think of any features I don't like.
Hard to pinpoint anything really negative. Possibly the reporting tool, but mainly because I am still learning it.
It does not work with internet explorer, only google chrome.
I'm not sure, but I think custom fields, etc. must be added by Spiro instead of allowing us to customize.
Still learnin
It does not work on internet explorer.
doesn't work as advertised
Would like home screen to be customizable
Lot of features to take advantage of, would love a more detailed approach on how to start incorporating them into our process
the inability to log marketing/prospecting activities
nothing comes to mind
Sometimes it is difficult for me to remember to input incoming calls
it can be buggy
Not being able to create a que that will call prospects back to back uninterrupted.
Backend API needs more features
If I had to pick something to like least I guess it would be the company/opportunity verbiage. It feels like doubling up on the work to create both levels. But I completely understand how there may be multiple opportunities for one location. It probably comes down to use too I haven't delved into creating companies and opportunities as much as just using them.
Only a small thing comes to mind: weekly emails don't look great in Outlook on my laptop (the formatting works on my iPhone). I'm sure others on the Precoa team who are using Spiro on a daily basis would have more insightful answers.
The separation of opportunity and company can be confusing at times with parent and child accounts
The process to call prospects via Spiro is very clunky. On the web version call quality has been terrible (even on 300mbps+ connection), and on the mobile version its just a tough process to get from prospect to prospect and that calls get silenced if other calls come in. The more calls I make the less I want to do it through Spiro.
A bit of a learning curve, but support is great and always ready to help
That I can't use the calendar to work off my call list. If somehow it could return to the calendar after putting in comment and work down the list that day.
Would love to have suggestions on improving our sales and lead process based on best industry recommendations that you come upon when working with other businesses like ours.
It's buggy. When I look up a company account the timeline is mixed with many communications from other companies. The buggy nature of this is very annoying.
That I can only see 15 entries per page for companies, opportunities, etc. When I'm looking through opportunities or making updates to them I'd like to be able to continually scroll or be able to see more than 15 records per page. Having to go from page to page takes away some efficiencies.
reporting is really difficult to use and would be very helpful
Figuring out how to assign locations to a parent company.
Too soon to say, just started using it
manual add of new contacts
The Spiro product doesn't serve me as well as MS Outlook in my position as Product Support Manager.
Inability to clean up some bad data that gets brought in automatically through connections to Linkedin and Google. Similarly, the inability to add pictures of contacts through any means other than what comes in from Linkedin.
cant save a reminder w/o a company

I do not like that the system auto generates reminders for me. They are annoying and overwhelming. Maybe this is untrue for other people, but the fact that they are in my pipeline keeps them on my radar. I sometimes even get reminders for opportunities that I entered or connected with in the same day.
Nothing really. Everything works as intended
Cost of team option; discouraged peers
reports
1 to 1 relationship with contact and opportunity, because our opportunities have multiple opps to one person.
Speed, sometimes the site is slow.
"The bugs, unreliable twilio service, unreliable report maker.
Slow customer service response regarding report making"
The mobile app is horrible and it doesn't allow you to filter urgency by day.
More available information on the contact sub page (i.e. job title)
The recent update. I liked how it looked better before the update.
The "relational database or ai" needs some tweaking to fine tune the relationship between companies and contacts.
It is another additional platform that our team must use in addition to our separate quote and separate order entry and management systems. I wish Spiro tied into our quoting system better and more intuitively.
Difficulty connecting to our quoting tool and ERP system
It does not completely integrate with Outlook (ability to tag which emails to track vs. all, sync Outlook tasks, it doesn't load appointments I set in Outlook, etc.)
Its complex to find ustomers opportunities and logging the activities. An easier way to colaborate with other team members
That if I have a contact and a separate opportunity for that same client, there is an issue with viewing; if a reminder is linked to an opportunity, the details don't show up when we run a report.
Reporting tool does not update in real time, this has been very frustrating.
If I'm doing lots of activities from contact list I can't disable pop up schedule next event. Cumbersome if I'm doing hundreds of cold calls
The report generation.... I would love if the reports could generate much like a pivot table where you have all of the data but then can filter out from there. They just tend to be a bit challenging.
not able to get every thing that I do in a neat and easy report every week. it does not capture all of my in person meetings on the report. only the scheduled meetings thu email.

I would like to see the reports updated immediately after a new field is added and to not have to wait a day for it to show.
Setting up reports
Sometimes it's hard to copy information that I've put in Spiro to put in other locations. Also, I wish when you searched in the search bar you could tab down to what you want to select instead of using the mouse to get there.
Takes to long to enter new contacts
we still have a lot of contacts from early on that are goofy- I.E. we have to companies that share one server for email- when you enter a @greenprairie.com email, the system insisted that that contact had to be associated with green prairie, rather than the farm side of their operation, cascade farms.
Integration with iPhone
Lack of tutorials, need info on best practices, how are people using it successfully? Show me examples
Not being able to customize the home page
Still in the learning curve to understand the capabilities.
a lot of data entry
"Currently I'm not able to access Reports. My colleagues have tried as well, and are getting the same 'non activation' results when clicking on Reports. 

If this is because you're working on something within Spiro, could you please provide some type of pop up message that let's me know that, and what time the system will be back up.

If possible, you should also provide an advance notice prior to when the Reports will be inaccessible."
This is an extra place to go and fill out forms for a job. Not sure if this product can be used for a sole source for all project files and data management. Proposals are limited and not end user customizable.
Quoting is clunky. not intuitive to enter all the required info. can't edit order of products
Interface is good, but could be cleaner
Quoting ability limited, tab to next box functionality doesn't exist
When generating proposals the formatting of bullet points is really frustrating
None found at this time
importing data from previous software
Sometimes it is difficult to access attachments on the customer record
the notes section under a company
The reminders
time line and finding email history
sending email blasts that over 500 emails- having to send multiple emails gets very confusing and i cannot figure out who i sent emails to and it can be very time consuming.
VoIP
The consolidation on the browser and the skinny slider bar. If we had the capability to customize our individual panes it would be nice. Such as the ability to drag and drop sort columns to be able to see the ones we use individually most often, Not globally.
poor email connetion and Mobile app phone calls not working.
There is nothing I dislike, but there is a feature missing imo. That's calendar, rather than the list of task, where you can drag and drop such tasks. Salesforce have smth similar - I found it quite useful.
The inability to alter a timeline. This MUST be corrected
Content updates sometimes do not take and I have re-do them
