"1.I love the home page showing your stats.
1.1 The visual pipeline is my go-to for efficient time management, though it could be better. More on that later.
2. Also amazing is the VOIP integration where I can text from a desktop or my cell, without having a separate device(ie a work phone & a personal).
3. I love that the company values feedback, Erick Ruutila comes off as just genuine and determined to make Spiro a true catalyst for the success of our business."
a good phone book - that allows me to drive down to just my opportunities & contacts
Ability to set reminders to follow up with clients
AI - Ability to load contacts without typing - Email connection to platform
AI Technology
assistant
Being able to call and receive calls directly from Spiro and also that we can customize it to fit within what we need and not have to hire a 3rd party consultant to make that happen (this is probably my favorite part).
Clean interface
COMPREHENSIVENESS
Cross Platform connectivity
Ease of customization
ease of use
Ease of use and the clean layout.  The support from Erick and the team is great as well.  That is critical in any CRM.
Ease of use compared to CRM
Ease of use, menu driven access
Ease of use, VOIP calling
easy of use
Easy to enter opportunities
Easy to organize accounts
easy to use
Easy to use on multiple devices
Easy to use when looking for customers / quotes, but needs to have a cross reference similar other customers / accounts.
Easy to use, and easy to edit to fit our needs.
email to database technology
fast and powerful searches, new email interface is great
flexibility and openness to making improvements
Flexibility, pop up windows, assistance
How easy it is to use
How I can export my data outside of it and play with it.
How it tracks new leads
I like how easy it is to use. I love the app. It makes my job as Director of Talent so much easier. Especially when downloading the notes from each interview I do into Spiro.
I like that it allows us to keep all of our customer info in one place
I like that it has added transparency to large products in our team and it is clearer to see up-to-date current status of each.  This info. is accessible to everyone.
I like that it keeps out customers together and allows us to see conversations and activities between other team members and customers
I like the aesthetic of the UI compared to other CRMs
I like the app on my phone, easy to use.
Improves communication in the department
Information is consolidated in one place
Integration with other pieces of software
It has many features which makes it a flexible platform to work with.
It has more features than our old CRM and exporting is really easy. Importing is getting there.
it is extremely intuitive
It is very flexible and powerful.  Spiro is good company to work with.
Its easy to log phone calls with date for follow up
Linking opportunities to contacts/companies
new layout seems better than before
not much right now
Not sure
Quick updates, the functionality is intuitive and logical, and I like that the system can be edited easily and quickly.
Records calls
Relatively easy to use, the app is very helpful
Reminders
Search capabilities
Search function to easily find projects, contact, etc.
searchability
Seems to have all the needed features and functionality
Simplicity and AI functionality
simplicity of the app, great to use on the go. I also enjoy the user interface, it is very user friendly and easy to navigate
Staying organized and setting reminders
still learning it, but seems helpful with reminders
Super easy to use on the go with the app.
Text feature on computer
The ability to customize what you see, though I would  imagine for people not savvy with CRM or that fail to understand that its a series of filters and sorting that overlap, it may be frustrating
The ability to track customer status.
the assistant feature
The automation of recording all calls / texts / emails and everything on an account.  And then the automation of the disposition and next steps.  Eliminating the data entry.
The ease of adding new contacts and opportunities, by forwarding emails to the Spiro Assistant
The ease of use
The format & mostly ease of use
The interface
the mobile app
The New Version is easier to use
the organization it provides
The Pipeline Layout with opportunities
The Spiro Assistant choices
The support team!
The wealth of information that is available
usability
user friendly
User friendly both on desktop and phone application. Quick and easy way to stay organized and track interactions with customers/prospects.
User friendly interface. It's really easy to learn, and continually use the website.
