Ability to collaborate easily with my teammates. We can view all email communication with a specific customer, making it easy to cover all accounts and assign tasks.
able to keep track of communication
Able to track everything easily
AI and Usability
AI I like the reminders and ability to email assistant and not input everything manually
All our sales data in one place
Assistant
Auto Tracking
Call / text
Call and text recording
Complexity
Contact Storage
Customer information is organized
customizable fields
Customization and the customer support
Customized reporting is improving
Ease of data entry
Ease of navigation
Ease of use
Ease of use and the fact that you are consistently adding additional features and innovation to the product.
Ease of use, accessible from anywhere
Ease of use, reminders are very helpful.
Easy to log
Easy to use
Easy to use/understand
Flexibility to our needs
Helps me stay organized and effective reminder system. Setting calendar reminders has been great.
High quality support when an issue arises.
Home page to recap where you are for the day!
how quick and simple it is to use
How we can call, text and email all from the same software.   Also, the ability to customize reports.
I enjoy that it is easy to onboard sales reps.
I like how it is now more versatile. It is easier to find what I am looking for. I also like how we can send and receive picture messages.
I love the ease of use.  It’s great how you can easily update any data fields right from the main view screen. I also like how it pull emails and logs them.
I used to like the old layout.
Intuitive assistant
It has been a lot easier to use. We also got picture messages back.
It is very user friendly
It’s easy to figure out
Its simplicity.
Its tracking capabilities auto fill
layout of information / UX
Organization
Organizational
Organized well and great customer service
Overall look and feel of the interface. Modern, clean, casual, customizable.
Phone
picks up on activities that I missed and schedules a call when I did not.
Quick summary of active leads
Reporting Capabilities
reports
Responsiveness
Russc@weco-group.com
simple and easy to navigate
Simple to use on my phone
Simplicity
Simplicity and ease of use
simplicity and gathering of email communication with clients under the opportunity
Simplification of complexity - ease of use, clarity of information
Spiro is easy to use - from entering data to searching.
texting
The ability to do everything in one place
The assistant
the connection with Outlook
The convenience of having everything in one place, being able to connect softwares, and aside from the momentary lapses caused in updates, there is no room to complain about Spiro!
The customization of the fields and overall layout.  Additionally, the customer service we receive from Spiro is and always has been excellent!  They are able to answer our questions in a timely manner and are always able to work with us on getting exactly what we need
The customization options
The ease of Navigation your interface is very good
The easy to use platform.
The fun personalities that you can choose as your assistant
The information that is available is easy to navigate.
The integrated calling feature with all of the bells and whistles for tracking and training
The layout
The new update makes it very easy to get more done in less time.
The one-click dialer... not sure why? I've been dialing phones for decades... but I do like this feature.
The user interface is aesthetically appealing and the reports and activities are easy to create and export.
The user interface is seamless when moving from the desktop to the mobile application.  Real-time updates are vital in ensuring key data and measurable KPI's are achieved and Spiro delivers.
usability and automation
user friendly
User friendly and easy to navigate
Very user friendly, and it continues to become more intuitive. The voice and transcribing options, as well as the automatic pull from email, makes everything much easier to keep in one place and reduces inter-office email.
With the new format, I really can't say right now.
You can return to home page to see where you're at with the day.  Ease of side tabs.
