Adding contacts to an opportunity is cumbersome; for example, if I do not know someones name, or the right spelling, it will not come up; there are also Opportunities that I created that did not get clients assigned to them in error making the timeline inaccurate.
At times the glitches get a little out of control
Can't change some of the fields
can't lock-in customized outbound emails
Difficulty updating opportunities from one main screen
doesn't work as advertised
Don't have marketing automation.
Entering Data
From time to time, when I search for a company or contact from the taskbar and click on my selection, it does not always compute.  It can take a few tries before the webpage changes to account for my selection.
Get confused between contacts, companies, and opportunities
how complicated it is to customize reports
I don't use it enough to have anything particular that I dislike that's product related vs how my company is using the product
I wish i didn't have to sign in everytime I click on a new lead on my email
I wish the whitelist feature was more effective.
"If it was possible to have several ""dashboard"" views it may be easier to navigate."
importing database is too complicated
Issues with phone calls
It does seem like the application is more of a 'beta' release than a full release, but general functionality works so we're making do.
It was a challenge initially to reorganize accounts, since Spiro only allows one account per email address. We have several customers who own multiple businesses or are buyers for multiple accounts, so we had to make some adjustments from our previous CRM.
It would be helpful to be able to create campaign emails within the campaign function instead of having to go to my settings.
It's more so a learning curve with reporting. Feels like there is a lot that can be done and I'm just scratching the surface.
Limited flexibility, random changes that cause unnecessary man power to adapt to
Linking leads and campaigns...no picker
Linking opportunities to contacts to leads etc. can be confusing.
Lot of features to take advantage of, would love a more detailed approach on how to start incorporating them into our process
Major Updates delete information like recorded calls
Mornings/days after updates are always a nonproductive day. Usually a lot of bugs and things switched around that were fine where they were before. Small stuff
N/a
No complaints at this time - keep up the good work!
no Conference call
No way to autofill through website/url
Not being able to prioritize tasks in order on task page
Not the most intuitive – we keep asking ourselves, why don't we use this to its maximum capability, and I think it's lack of user friendliness. It's at about 80% for user friendly, but for me to use an app 100% of the time it's got to be at 100% user friendliness.
Not very intuitive to navigate
Nothing really
Opportunities page horizontal scrolling isn't intuitive and convenient enough
poor email connetion and Mobile app phone calls not working.
Product maturity is the best term I can think of for this question.  The team at Spiro has been uber responsive since day 1.  But there are countless details associated with being an early adaptor that are often frustrating on any given day.
reminders
Report interface looks different, some parts have to be manually switched on by support eg phone number
Reporting
Reporting capability on mobile device
Reporting Module
Reports are difficult  to create.
Searching
Searching capability
since the recent update, sometimes the company page I open does not have accurate timeline/contacts, etc. I have to refresh or reopen to get correct info - sometimes it is activity info for another contact not even affiliated with that company
Some issues with the phone service
Sometimes it crashes in the middle of calls
Sometimes it's not user-friendly enough
spiro app has issues, slow, hard to log, etc
Spiro is always slow. It doesn't recognize duplicate contacts (phone numbers, names, etc.)
Synching is not always easy on desktop or app...
That I can't type in a dealer and click enter
That I can’t merge companies together
"The assistant will glitch and if you don't catch it, you will ""complete"" a reminder for the wrong person. Then that person slips between the cracks and the only way to find them is the go back into activities and create a new reminder for that person. & for some reason our whole office has text messages in the negative. Such as ""-2"" text messages. Other than that, we're good."
The campaign function.  It could be user error, but I would like to be able to add a company from the companies listing to a campaign.
The clunky UX in simple tasks- having to count import fields to make sure they all match up, not being able to tab between fields while inputting new records, not being able to have dynamic custom fields, etc
the delay in updating data non-sql query created reports by the next business day
The fact it does not recognize and notify you of duplicate phone numbers for contacts.
The fact that its not compatible with my browser which makes working Spiro difficult and constantly crashes the program.  The new update with timeline, reminders, & opportunities in different tabs.  My assistant never seems to work.  Something always going wrong after an update.  Product updates that would really help improve our processes are either not listened to or takes years to implement. You can't filter by reminders/blank. When we put people in the trash, I would like to never see those again unless I went to a special place to WANT to see them.
The glitches
The new layout and the reports are not easy to utilize. I think I need someone to contact me so we can work together on generating the reports I need.
The reports
The reports can be tricky to pull together. I would like to be able to see multiple pipelines on one screen so I can better track what is going on throughout the entire agency.
The search function which has actually improved in your last update.
the set up
The way in which an opportunity is created and the search functions
There is no way to see the history of changes and who was responsible for making them to a company or opportunity.
There is nothing I dislike, but there is a feature missing imo. That's calendar, rather than the list of task, where you can drag and drop such tasks. Salesforce have smth similar - I found it quite useful.
time consuming to input information.
Toggling through all the pages. I wish you could see a master list.
Too soon to say, just started using it
User interface within opportunities
What I dislike about Spiro is how sometimes it will go slow or drop my calls in the middle of a conversation.
When I add contacts into my system they are also mixed in with my other leads so it makes it difficult to maneuver sometimes. Also no mess text abilities.
Won't let me add a duplicate contact if the same email is part of another record.
Would love to have suggestions on improving our sales and lead process based on best industry recommendations that you come upon when working with other businesses like ours.
Your dialer keeps cutting out.
Your import process
Your IP phone is not so good
