help keep track of leads and clients
Automated data entry
Convenient location for tracking opportunities, easy to drag from phase to phase
the ease of use, organization, assistant
the reports and simple layout
Having everything in "one place", with that "one place" being very simple and intuitive for use and for reference.
Ease of use, swiss army knife style multi-tool, the AI comes in handy as well.  Overall high praise for Spiro.
It helps me maintain contact with potential customers and remember to follow up with them.
Tracking bids and seeing data by customer, estimator, etc.
Organization tools
I like that I can keep up with emails and get reminders to follow up on bids.
its web based
Simplicity
i like the pipeline view
Pipeline dashboard and ability to track opportunities at different stages
Flexibility, powerful reporting
ease of use
The fact that I can track all my ongoing projects.  Most favorite feature... the pipeline view!
The customization ability for our organization
Accessibility
User friendly and easy to customize
It assists me keep track of customer correspondence.
How it links to outlook and tracks all communication
One stop for all my open issues
user friendliness of interface
I like the fact it auto collects emails.  I wish it work with my office phone, that is where all my calls are made.
The Assistant.
ease and streamline
The "Opportunity Pipeline"
It's simple to use
The automated features that automatically plug in data from emails. Saves us tons of time. Reminders and other features are also extremely helpful in getting through busy days.
I can't think of anything I like
Ability to customize views
Convenience
logging my work for accountability
Spiro Assistant
The system reads emails to clients
The helpfulness of the organization
easy to use
easy to find
Reminders intuitive
Clean UI, ease of use
Setup was painless
The ability to customize data fields
Reminders
I actually do not like it, it was not designed for IME services, and is has been difficult to quantify for IME's
the ease of use
The ease of use
I honestly like the ease of use and the tracking abilities
user interface
the management and reminders of accounts.
The way it can track everything for you
the platform
Simple, clear UI
I love how intuitive it is. As a relationship coordinator my job is to help support our field reps. It's a huge help knowing that Spiro is automatically logging notes and creating reminders for things that may slip through the crack.
"User-friendliness, clean look, familiarity with other popular applications/software.

The people. Justin is amazing to work with. Always the appreciative of the attitude of ""we don't have that exactly, but we can figure out how to make it work for you."""
The user interface and how it helps with organizing leads by stage specifically
Ability to send campaign emails easily.
Very user friendly and customizable to your needs
easy to use, intuitive
Ease of recording activity and in turn accessing it easily
Functionality
Visually - easy on the eyes; not a lot of clutter
The integration of calendar/email/appointments along with CSM functions.
That it's a useful tool for our Sales team to manage their efforts towards current customers and prospects.
Ability to create new contacts, leads, etc... from email
keeps me organized
Ease of use
I like that it allows us to keep all of our customer info in one place
The interface
new layout seems better than before
I like the aesthetic of the UI compared to other CRMs
I like that it keeps out customers together and allows us to see conversations and activities between other team members and customers
not much right now
It has more features than our old CRM and exporting is really easy. Importing is getting there.
user friendly
Ease of use compared to CRM
The ease of adding new contacts and opportunities, by forwarding emails to the Spiro Assistant
it is extremely intuitive
Linking opportunities to contacts/companies
"1.I love the home page showing your stats.
1.1 The visual pipeline is my go-to for efficient time management, though it could be better. More on that later.
2. Also amazing is the VOIP integration where I can text from a desktop or my cell, without having a separate device(ie a work phone & a personal).
3. I love that the company values feedback, Erick Ruutila comes off as just genuine and determined to make Spiro a true catalyst for the success of our business."
AI Technology
Easy to organize accounts
Ease of use, VOIP calling
It has many features which makes it a flexible platform to work with.
Records calls
The automation of recording all calls / texts / emails and everything on an account.  And then the automation of the disposition and next steps.  Eliminating the data entry.
User friendly interface. It's really easy to learn, and continually use the website.
The ability to customize what you see, though I would  imagine for people not savvy with CRM or that fail to understand that its a series of filters and sorting that overlap, it may be frustrating
Text feature on computer
Ability to set reminders to follow up with clients
still learning it, but seems helpful with reminders
How it tracks new leads
Easy to use, and easy to edit to fit our needs.
Ease of use
ease of use
Simplicity and AI functionality
a good phone book - that allows me to drive down to just my opportunities & contacts
email to database technology
the assistant feature
Ease of customization
Staying organized and setting reminders
The ability to track customer status.
Ease of use, menu driven access
How easy it is to use
User friendly both on desktop and phone application. Quick and easy way to stay organized and track interactions with customers/prospects.
It is very flexible and powerful.  Spiro is good company to work with.
Quick updates, the functionality is intuitive and logical, and I like that the system can be edited easily and quickly.
The New Version is easier to use
Not sure
Search capabilities
Cross Platform connectivity
Easy to use when looking for customers / quotes, but needs to have a cross reference similar other customers / accounts.
Information is consolidated in one place
Ease of use
COMPREHENSIVENESS
Improves communication in the department
I like how easy it is to use. I love the app. It makes my job as Director of Talent so much easier. Especially when downloading the notes from each interview I do into Spiro.
flexibility and openness to making improvements
Easy to use on multiple devices
simplicity of the app, great to use on the go. I also enjoy the user interface, it is very user friendly and easy to navigate
Super easy to use on the go with the app.
Clean interface
The format & mostly ease of use
the organization it provides
Flexibility, pop up windows, assistance
The Pipeline Layout with opportunities
The ease of use
Easy to enter opportunities
Reminders
Its easy to log phone calls with date for follow up
Relatively easy to use, the app is very helpful
Ease of Use
Integration with other pieces of software
Being able to call and receive calls directly from Spiro and also that we can customize it to fit within what we need and not have to hire a 3rd party consultant to make that happen (this is probably my favorite part).
usability
The Spiro Assistant choices
The support team!
easy to use
easy of use
the mobile app
ease of use
I like that it has added transparency to large products in our team and it is clearer to see up-to-date current status of each.  This info. is accessible to everyone.
AI - Ability to load contacts without typing - Email connection to platform
Search function to easily find projects, contact, etc.
How I can export my data outside of it and play with it.
searchability
fast and powerful searches, new email interface is great
I like the app on my phone, easy to use.
ease of use
The wealth of information that is available
assistant
Ease of use and the clean layout.  The support from Erick and the team is great as well.  That is critical in any CRM.
Seems to have all the needed features and functionality
Intuitive design makes it easy to use
It is simple to use, fairly straightforward.
Easy to use
Great CRM that allows you to see past communication with all contacts
The ability to add different sets of data to companies, contacts, opportunities ect.
Easy to navigate/use daily, integration w email and phone is nice too
Intuitive web interface
ease of use / having an app / customizable to sales team
The functionality between facilities, opportunities and contacts.
Organization - easy to see details in pipeline
Automated data entry
Format. easy to use.
Keeps me organized for phone calls daily
User Friendly Interface
it is easy to use and navigate ... help tools are awesome
I like the streamlined dashboards for opportunities and the ease of setting reminders.
Easy to use
Easier reporting than some other CRMS
Easy to navigate. Great communication tool between all departments in the company. Very easy to look up individual customer accounts
the dashboard
The Dashboard
easy to find customer details
that spiro is open to adding and editing the fields within the software
Email integration/templates speed of use
Tracks points of contact with current and potential clients.
Organization
User Interface - Ease of use
The ease of project planning and app use
reminders
custom sales reports
That you can create an opportunity from contact and it links automatically
Easy to use interface
That you can keep notes on file
The Support Team and Custom Sales Reports
Keeps me organized
That cases are linked to the contact section.
automation
Love the reminders
Customer service is incredible- if we want to see anything specific as far as changes or improvements, the response is awesome
Tracking customers to follow up with
interactive features via email-sending contacts to asst
Ease of use and reporting capabilities
The ability to keep all information in a central spot.  Looking for an address, #, email is simple.  Less key stokes and duplication of tasks.
keeping my sales numbers together
The quick access to both: Opportunities, and Reports. The Reports page in particular is very user friendly by quickly showing me both Macro/Monthly totals and Micro/Line item reporting details.
It organizes my work
Complete customization and so user friendly!
Ease of data entry
Contact Storage
The layout
the connection with Outlook
Organized well and great customer service
Reporting Capabilities
Customized reporting is improving
User friendly and easy to navigate
The customization options
how quick and simple it is to use
Able to track everything easily
It is very user friendly
usability and automation
AI and Usability
Helps me stay organized and effective reminder system. Setting calendar reminders has been great.
Organization
All our sales data in one place
Very user friendly, and it continues to become more intuitive. The voice and transcribing options, as well as the automatic pull from email, makes everything much easier to keep in one place and reduces inter-office email.
Customer information is organized
Customization and the customer support
The fun personalities that you can choose as your assistant
The ability to do everything in one place
Intuitive assistant
Simplification of complexity - ease of use, clarity of information
How we can call, text and email all from the same software.   Also, the ability to customize reports.
The convenience of having everything in one place, being able to connect softwares, and aside from the momentary lapses caused in updates, there is no room to complain about Spiro!
The layout
You can return to home page to see where you're at with the day.  Ease of side tabs.
Simplicity
texting
Home page to recap where you are for the day!
I like how it is now more versatile. It is easier to find what I am looking for. I also like how we can send and receive picture messages.
The new update makes it very easy to get more done in less time.
It’s easy to figure out
It has been a lot easier to use. We also got picture messages back.
Ability to collaborate easily with my teammates. We can view all email communication with a specific customer, making it easy to cover all accounts and assign tasks.
The information that is available is easy to navigate.
able to keep track of communication
Spiro is easy to use - from entering data to searching.
The easy to use platform.
Easy to use
simple and easy to navigate
simplicity and gathering of email communication with clients under the opportunity
The customization of the fields and overall layout.  Additionally, the customer service we receive from Spiro is and always has been excellent!  They are able to answer our questions in a timely manner and are always able to work with us on getting exactly what we need
picks up on activities that I missed and schedules a call when I did not.
reports
Its tracking capabilities auto fill
The ease of Navigation your interface is very good
Auto Tracking
Ease of navigation
High quality support when an issue arises.
The integrated calling feature with all of the bells and whistles for tracking and training
The assistant
The user interface is seamless when moving from the desktop to the mobile application.  Real-time updates are vital in ensuring key data and measurable KPI's are achieved and Spiro delivers.
The one-click dialer... not sure why? I've been dialing phones for decades... but I do like this feature.
Its simplicity.
The user interface is aesthetically appealing and the reports and activities are easy to create and export.
Easy to log
Ease of use, accessible from anywhere
Phone
Simple to use on my phone
Ease of use, reminders are very helpful.
Call / text
user friendly
Call and text recording
customizable fields
Flexibility to our needs
layout of information / UX
Quick summary of active leads
Ease of use and the fact that you are consistently adding additional features and innovation to the product.
Overall look and feel of the interface. Modern, clean, casual, customizable.
Assistant
Ease of use
Simplicity and ease of use
Responsiveness
I enjoy that it is easy to onboard sales reps.
Organizational
I used to like the old layout.
Ease of use
I love the ease of use.  It’s great how you can easily update any data fields right from the main view screen. I also like how it pull emails and logs them.
Complexity
Easy to use/understand
With the new format, I really can't say right now.
AI I like the reminders and ability to email assistant and not input everything manually
Russc@weco-group.com
Erick! And how it is very clear and well broken down
The style
CRM product and relative ease of use
Price compared to Competition
Everything. I love the AI feature the most (rescheduling via email, etc.)
Ease of use
effective tracking of tasks and contacts
tracking of all interactions with the client
In tool Voip calling
Actually I have found issues with most Spiro features and thus there is no main think I like. Support has been helpful so that would be the one positive, albeit it's because of bugs.
"Reporting (robust and easy to use)
UI (tab system on Comp., Opps, etc. is great)
Assistant (don't use directly in my role but hugely valuable for the team)"
Straightforward / simple
integration with Churn Zero
The simplicity, reminder agent, and reporting.
user interface
price
gena.song@mindbridge.cai
very simple to use, campaigns, very easy to read what's happening on an account
automated tracking of all communication
dashboard
in-line editing on most fields
the reporting engine is awesome
Automatic tracking of e-mail activity and events, allowing visibility to entire team.
I like the user interface of the product. The white background with different colours make it easy to differentiate the views you are looking at compared to other softwares like Salesforce that appear more crowded in my opinion.
I like to easy to view pipeline review so I can quickly understand exactly where deals are in the sales process.
Task reminders
good search functionality
Its ease of use and how fast it is
I like the fluency of recording events, next steps, etc..  For example I make a call, am able to record a note, then set a reminder to follow up.  I like that I am automatically prompted to take these steps.  It prevents things from falling through the cracks.
My Assistant
It's a CRM but the assistant personalities take it to another level
spiro homepage that shows me my pipeline and I can arrange my leads throughout the various stages of the sales cycle
Automated email & call entries in accounts
The ease in which we can modify the software to fit our needs.  This is particularly important coming from a platform were we had very little functionality. Sometimes you don't know what you don't know, but when you find out, you need to adjust.
the easy connectivity between the platform and my email. Makes it so easy to keep track of all notes when on the go.
Ability to call/text from platform
email and calling features
User friendliness
How easy it is to add custom fields
Speed and UI and UX of platform
The ease of use, fantastic product
It is very flexible to manage
very simple to use
simplicity
Accessibility, I like being able to organize opportunities and create certain conditions to be able to filter them later on
Spiro improves visibility of opportunities with my teammates, and helps me keep track of tasks with reminders
Visibility and overview of opportunities, ability to drill into detail as required
good history for communications with prospects and customers
Reports - sales dashboard
Archive and consolidation of information in one place.
simplicity
It contains all of our relevant sales data and is easy to use. It helps my sales team stay on top of their business.
The reports. Looking up open opportunities.
ease of use and keeps info very organized
the speed of the interface
Interface is easy to navigate
The visibility into our business.
The Reports and analytics
The tie-in to email lets me see what the whole team is doing with different customers/opportunities.
Leads management
Ease of usage
opportunity management
usability, structuring data, reminders
Automation, mobility and ease of use
The GUI. It's one of the reasons we chose Spiro over other offerings.
Visibility of opportunity tracking with reminders.
the reminders
reminders
That I can keep track of my leads, the reminders are great.
Easier to use than SFDC, the Assistant is great with creating and managing leads.
Ease of use
Reliability
artificial intelligence compontent
As soon as I learn how to use it, I am assuming a system for follow up procedures
assistant
new to product - reminders
Easy to add reminders and log activity
AI assistant
Ability to easily track our pipeline
Contact cards
Task que
campaigns
Being able to access data and information in a timely manner
Set reminder feature.
