ability to house documents/files pertaining to particular opportunities might streamline my evaluation and tracking.
Ability to make lists easier
Ability to teach the AI and to increase the hit rate on auto-population of info
Adding attachments to mass emails
Addition of a robust/integrated quoting tool/platform
Allow me to search for a dealer by the dealer number or phone number
Am a novice but once I am an expert, I'll let you know.
"As stated in my previous answer, reduce data input
duplication from screen to screen.  In addition, if
a record already exists there should be a way to copy the main data."
be able to have duplicate email / contact
Being able to set up individual reports
better control over what my team can see and can't see
Better search bar, wider so we can see the company they're from all the way instead of it being cut off. I don't like the new update where there are the tabs instead of the scrolling.
Better symmetry between customer activity and opportunities
"Better way to filter through your ""contacts"" not separated very easily from a ""lead"" ""contact"" with out the filter."
Change the drop downs to be more useful
Communicate with Office/Outlook
Cross talk ability and the option to be able to recognize previously added information
customize reports easier
Data visualization and interaction, logging activities
definitely the reporting function
Desktop App
Develop the app and have the AI be more powerful almost like an assistant with its own brain
don't know
Dont have assistant create new company along with contact as many times company names dont link and it creates new companies when not needed. Allow the person to assign a company before allowing AI to load new contact
easier importing of data
Emailed reminders
entering the same note for multiple accounts at one time.
Evernote has a nice feature where you can save clips from a website, arcticle, etc.  Also it has an add-in extension feature which makes it easier to use.  If Spiro could add some of these features that would be awesome.
Fine tuning the AI to fit our company customer profiles
go back to the original opportunity page. enter leads from email and automatically entered to the system
have better drop down options
Have so can start with previous entry so that don't have to start from scratch each time.
I am new to Spiro and do not have an answer for this yet
I liked the old layout better. Contacts are harder to find now. I also wish reporting was easier.
I Think I answered that in the previous question. I would definitely be more than happy to have a conversation about this.
I think it would be cool if we could easily export data into excel so to help with organizing. I know I can get exports by reaching out to our rep but thought it  could be helpful if we could do it ourselves.
I would change the phone call settings as far as it dropping the calls when receiving one.
I would change the way that Contacts are tracked.
I would like to have an overview of all of my recent notes and accounts in one spot instead of having to search the account you are working with, and then click in each individual note to view it
I would like to see it log my phone calls to my customers without having to enter them myself. I know it has a option of running it thru a spiro phone # but there should be a way yhat it could track like it does email. i know i miss logging a lot of calls because i have to enter them all in spiro by hand.
"i would want spriro to be reliable everyday.  seems very ""buggy"" and inconsistent of late"
"I'd make the phone app easier to navigate especially when on the go. For example, takes less taps to search for a client on my phones contact list than it does on spiro. I can call clients or text them on the go directly from my cell with siri but voice assistance isn't available for spiro. Currently there is a glitch in spiro where if I look at ""Client A's "" reminders then jump to ""Client F"", it'll show the previous reminders / activity from Account A. I need to manually refresh for this. 

We currently have a 1888 customer service line for our canadian team using Grasshopper. All of our marketing material has that phone number on it. Would we be able to forward calls from the Grasshopper number to CP Canada's spiro number?"
I'll let you know the more I use it! But right now it's not being able to change certain columns within the CMS.
If a contact is entered in Outlook it automatically updates in Spiro
Improve the voice to text transcription. More accurate of what was really said
Integrate with Outlook
integration to LinkedIn, Yelp, and Facebook for sure.
integration with PowerBI so I can access my sales goals
it does not work well for a customer service platform
It would blend in better with our current quote system.  This would increase usage among our team I believe.
Just that the Contact relationship not the sales lead aspect would be more developed
LEARNING TIME
Make it easier to compress views onto a single page; scrolling side to side is always annoying.
Make VoIP work
Maybe incorporating more videos/training into how to get the most out of the AI, interface on its own. I've watched the required videos for training but am always keen on learning more ways to optimize my usage. In the future, it would be nice to see some sort of workspace/note taking section where we can organize and access notes (similar to the app Notion).
Me to look at what someone on my team did the day before, the week before the month before by a drop down of names and dates
more automation
more customer support and call resolution features
"More customization of the ""Next Steps"" disposition pop up.  Also customization of the Spiro dashboard/home screen on the stat bubbles to include all activities (like texts and emails, not just calls)"
More individual user customization.
none
not sure
Not sure. Have not worked with Spiro very long
Nothing. Does exactly what I need it to.
One idea I had recently is if a number is associated with more than one contact/ccompany, when you call them through spiro, it asks you which contact you would like to log the activity with, rather than automatically choosing.
Only have to use one page to enter a new company, contact, and opportunity.
Outlook integration so that contacts can easily be transferred between Spiro and Outlook
Relationship of contacts to company needs some improvement
Remove the bugs I previously mentioned. Having to hard refresh is a waste of time.
Search in contacts by company
See Big picture, Parent/Child/Contact.
See previous page
"Simplifying the ""opportunity"" field so that entering the associated information is easier."
Some easier way to attach files to opportunities
"That we could run email/call campaigns similar to how Tellwise runs campaigns. I.E. In Tellwise I'm able to create a ""Salesflow"" where step one is an email, step two is a call, step three is another email and on from there.

The great part about Tellwise is I can create as many emails as I want to be part of that flow and add up to 500 contacts to the Salesflow. If/when someone responds to an email they are automatically removed from that campaign (but I can add them back in if I want). Each flow can be customized with the emails we create and targeted to the groups we want to receive them, and each step can be spaced out based on our preference of how many days we want to lapse before the next step starts. It's a great automation that is very helpful and efficient."
The activity log is funky in that incoming messages show as if they were sent messages, IE they say to _____, instead of from _____, because of which they also don't always filter to the top, nor do they show times, only dates they were sent/received inside the text stream.
The assistant is annoying and inconsistent. It repetitively reminds you to contact a person you just followed up with on an opportunity.
To have a list of people I’ve contacted that we’re dead numbers or bad leads
unknown
Viewing reports
visibility of team info to share and compare
We are still in infancy mode, so we haven't truly stressed tested it.
We would love to ba able to use it more for solving customer service issues instead of just keeping track of them
Would like a clear answer on if data is used to build/sold to marketing firms.
