when I enter a campaign i would love to be able to send out on their behalf with their email and contact info- save time on both ends
Update the BI/Reports 2 times a day
To be able to amend the company within the contact screen instead of having to go out, set up a separate company in the company section and then add it to the contact.
The flexibility to choose whatever dashboards I want in my main spiro dashboard
Set a reminder without a company
See answer 3. Better task management; Reporting; Project Management
See aforementioned note about keyboard navigation. Also, it would be nice to be able to customize the number of rows on a given page (opportunities, contacts, etc are currently limited to 15 rows per page).
Real-time updating with reporting tool.
predict who will closed based on api data from Mail Chimp, Google Ads, Facebook, Our Platform and so on
Nothing, I am fairly content with the product
Nothing much
not sure
Not really a Spiro issue, not sure, but when we set things up in Spiro, they do not mirror our Intercom categories, so this can make things a little more confusing. But one thing that has always confused me is the linking of a customer to an opportunity. and it would be great if one could enter a new person, add a new company (for us a school or district) and if is not in database, it automatically creates this new school or district. Otherwise is a cumbersome process.
N/a
more dynamic reporting
Have customers and contacts together.
easier email campaigns
Display more lines of data (opportunities) on the opportunity screen.
being able to add people on calls
Another Spiro product designed to specifically address customer support.
An autocopy opportunity for deals that aren't everymonth but can run two three months or sporadically over year
Adding ability to add pictures to contact records.
A task view for my team to keep track of reminders/deliverables to keep opportunities moving. And (if I can get away with two things) easier filtering of opportunities by custom fields.
a dynamic dashboard/reporting feature. The ability to sort and filter opportunities quicker and easier
