You can return to home page to see where you're at with the day. Ease of side tabs.
usability and automation
The user interface is seamless when moving from the desktop to the mobile application. Real-time updates are vital in ensuring key data and measurable KPI's are achieved and Spiro delivers.
The one-click dialer... not sure why? I've been dialing phones for decades... but I do like this feature.
The new update makes it very easy to get more done in less time.
The layout
The integrated calling feature with all of the bells and whistles for tracking and training
The information that is available is easy to navigate.
The fun personalities that you can choose as your assistant
The easy to use platform.
The ease of Navigation your interface is very good
The customization of the fields and overall layout. Additionally, the customer service we receive from Spiro is and always has been excellent! They are able to answer our questions in a timely manner and are always able to work with us on getting exactly what we need
The convenience of having everything in one place, being able to connect softwares, and aside from the momentary lapses caused in updates, there is no room to complain about Spiro!
the connection with Outlook
The assistant
The ability to do everything in one place
texting
Spiro is easy to use - from entering data to searching.
Simplicity
Simple to use on my phone
Russc@weco-group.com
reports
picks up on activities that I missed and schedules a call when I did not.
Phone
Overall look and feel of the interface. Modern, clean, casual, customizable.
Organized well and great customer service
Organizational
Its tracking capabilities auto fill
Its simplicity.
Intuitive assistant
I used to like the old layout.
I love the ease of use. It’s great how you can easily update any data fields right from the main view screen. I also like how it pull emails and logs them.
I like how it is now more versatile. It is easier to find what I am looking for. I also like how we can send and receive picture messages.
I enjoy that it is easy to onboard sales reps.
How we can call, text and email all from the same software. Also, the ability to customize reports.
Home page to recap where you are for the day!
High quality support when an issue arises.
Helps me stay organized and effective reminder system. Setting calendar reminders has been great.
Flexibility to our needs
Easy to log
Ease of use, reminders are very helpful.
Ease of use, accessible from anywhere
Ease of use and the fact that you are consistently adding additional features and innovation to the product.
Ease of use
Customization and the customer support
customizable fields
Customer information is organized
Complexity
Call / text
All our sales data in one place
AI I like the reminders and ability to email assistant and not input everything manually
able to keep track of communication
Ability to collaborate easily with my teammates. We can view all email communication with a specific customer, making it easy to cover all accounts and assign tasks.
